firefly; map block is null, nothing hear.
firefly; entry was not found.
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: copy
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: print
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: incr
firefly; op: jump
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: fresh
firefly; op: assign
firefly; op: push
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: pop
firefly; op: compare
firefly; op: cond jump
firefly; op: unknown
firefly; op: unknown
